[iota-analytics-indexer] Add README.md (#4470)
iotaledger/iota: crates/iota-analytics-indexer/README.md

IOTA Analytics Indexer
=======================

The IOTA Analytics Indexer is a service that exports data from the main IOTA network to a remote big object store (S3/GCS/Azure) for further analytical processing. It does not perform any analysis on its own.

**Key Features**
----------------

* Exports data from the IOTA network to a remote big object store
* Provides BigQuery and Snowflake schemas for the exported data

> Note: BigQuery and Snowflake are cloud-based data warehousing solutions.
> After getting data there one can analyse it in the cloud using SQL queries.
> 
> BigQuery is part of Google Cloud Platform: [https://cloud.google.com/bigquery]
> 
> Snowflake isn't part of any large cloud provider: [https://snowflake.com]

**Relation to iota-indexer**
----------------------------

### iota-indexer

Currently iota-indexer is computing and storing analytical metrics about:
 - network statistics (amount of transactions, transactions per second)
 - (active) addresses (transactions senders/recipients)
 - move calls

 Those metrics are computed by a separate analytical worker instance of the indexer, but it uses the main DB as the main indexer instance.

> It seems that some of the values stored in main indexer tables by iota-indexer's `fullnode_sync_worker` are only stored there for analytical purposes (move calls, tx recipients) and could potentially be not processed/stored if not for analytical reasons. 

Reviewer: Nit: Phrasing
```suggestion
It seems that some of the values stored in main indexer tables by iota-indexer's `fullnode_sync_worker` are only stored there for analytical purposes (move calls, tx recipients) and could potentially be excluded from further processing if it were not for analytical reasons. 
```

Author: done

### iota-analytics-indexer

The `iota-analytics-indexer` is not computing any analytical metrics directly.
It is only exporting data for further processing via external tools (BigQuery/SnowFlake).

> Functionality from `iota-indexer` that is not required to serve user JSON RPC/GraphQL requests could potentially be moved away from `iota-indexer` and served by some other tool based on data exported by the `iota-analytics-indexer`.

Reviewer: Nit: Phrasing (if I get it right)
```suggestion
On this premise, the functionality  in `iota-indexer` that is currently used for extracting analytics (and thus unrelated to the JSON-RPC/GraphQL service)  could be moved out and delegated to another tool that processes data exported by `iota-analytics-indexer`.
```

Author: Done

> The sync logic in `iota-indexer` could be simplified a bit then to store only data that is needed to serve user requests.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Then the sync logic in `iota-indexer` could be simplified as well to store only data that is needed for the purposes of the RPC APIs.
```

Author: Done

**Schemas**
-----------

The crate provides:
 - [BigQuery Schemas](src/store/bq/schemas/)
 - [SnowFlake Schemas](src/store/snowflake/schemas/)
 - [Rust struct representations](src/tables.rs)

for the data that it is exporting.

The tables covered by the schemas:
 - CHECKPOINT
 - EVENT
 - MOVE_CALL
 - OBJECT
 - MOVE_PACKAGE
 - TRANSACTION_OBJECT - input and output objects for given transactions
 - TRANSACTION

> > Note: The following rust structs currently do not have DB schemas prepared:

Reviewer: Nit: For further emphasis (see also [GH alerts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts))
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The following rust structs currently do not have DB schemas prepared:
```

Author: Thanks for the tip. Done.
